FOPTS-15982 Azure Superseded Compute Instances policy will consider data disk count. (#3663)
flexera-public/policy_templates: cost/azure/superseded_instances/README.md

## What It Does

This policy template checks all the virtual machines in an Azure account to determine if the instance type has been superseded. If it has, the virtual machine is recommended for resizing to a more modern instance type. Note that the policy will NOT make such recommendation if the current number of disks attached to the virtual machine is more than the maximum supported number of disks on the more modern instance type. An incident listing all of these recommendations is emailed to the user.

## How It Works

- The policy leverages the Azure API to retrieve all virtual machines and then checks them against our internal database to see if their instance type has been superseded.

> - The policy leverages the Azure API to ensure the suggested instance type could support the number of disks currently attached to superseded virtual machines.

Reviewer: Should say "The policy template" instead of "The policy"

Author: Changed accordingly

Reviewer 2: Resolved

## What It Does

This policy template checks all the virtual machines in an Azure account to determine if the instance type has been superseded. If it has, the virtual machine is recommended for resizing to a more modern instance type. Note that the policy will NOT make such recommendation if the current number of disks attached to the virtual machine is more than the maximum supported number of disks on the more modern instance type. An incident listing all of these recommendations is emailed to the user.

## How It Works

- The policy template leverages the Azure API to retrieve all virtual machines and then checks them against our internal database to see if their instance type has been superseded.

> - The policy template leverages the Azure API to ensure the suggested instance type could support the number of disks currently attached to superseded virtual machines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The policy template leverages the Azure API to ensure the suggested instance type can support the number of disks currently attached to the superseded virtual machine.
```

Very minor change
